you call that patrolling scumbags
get those feet moving I want to hear the
sound of your boots all the web just be
wood on the fire the next time you take
ten
we can't go that way what because of
those four runts look if we start
beating everyone we'll never get out of
here especially seeing as how they just
got told off if we do that the entire
place will be all over our asses you're
scared yeah
I'm shaking like
seriously why do they tell you before
you've got to be discreet
like so you can't just go waiting in
like a pig that sees a pilot shit we
should go around we can go down that
alleyway over there because there's no
militia over there there'll be a lot
lesson should be able to handle them my
way quietly
shit I don't think I can do this on my
own end
wanted militia got militia whatever
enough talk let's get this over with
try not to shop too loud and we'll be
fine I don't need to shout to take out
those devil